What is technology?
What do you think of when you hear the word ‘technology’?
How has technology changed in the past?
How has technology changed your life?
Could you live without technology?
What technological achievement was the best?
What do you think technology will be like in the future?
What are the advantages of technology?
What are the disadvantages of technology?
Which new technological tool are you looking forward to?
What do you think will be the next biggest technological advance?
At what age should children get a cell phone?
How many hours a day should children be allowed to use electric devices?
What are the disadvantages of using technology?
Do you think people rely too much on technology?
What do you think about online shopping?
Does technology make society lazy?
Do you prefer Windows or Apple computers?
Do you prefer to text your friends or call them?
What do you think of today’s technology? Do we use it the right way?
Do you think that technology controls and spies on us?
How can countries help to create more inventors?
Is there a piece of technology that you are afraid of that might exist in the future? (artificial intelligence, flying cars)
Which technology has made the world worse?
What are the possibilities of technology in clothing?
What is the future of transportation?
What do you think very old people think of modern technology?
How has technology changed society?
Do you think modern technology reduces or increases stress? Why?
Do you think robots will cause unemployment in the future? Why? Why not?
What do you think about GMO (genetically modified organisms) food?
What changes would you like to see science make to the world?
At what age did you have your first cell phone? Which one was it? What did you like about it?
What is the most important technology device in your daily life?
How often do you use a cell phone?
Do you think you are addicted to technology, like social media or your cell phone?
Which social networks do you use? Why?
Are you shopping online? Why and how often?
What device do you use to watch TV, Netflix or other TV shows?
How much time do you spend online every day?
How often do you play video games?
Do you usually buy apps in GoogleStore or AppStore?
What is your favorite website?
Do you stream music? Why? Why not?
Do you use a smartwatch? Why? Why not? 
What moment do you remember, when you were let down by technology?
Are you afraid of technology in the future?
Are you giving out lots of personal data?
What do you know about Artificial Intelligence (AI)?
Have you used the Internet to learn English?
How have technological advances affected our life?
What science fiction movies have you seen? Which ones did you like? Why?
What are some of the greatest technological achievements?
How do we make sure that technology serves us, and not the other way around?
Can you name a country or culture that is using technology in an interesting or unique way right now?
How does technology affect the economy?
Why should we care about technology in schools? 
What are the advantages of technology?
What are the disadvantages of technology?
What kinds of technology are you most excited about?
Which technologies make your life easier, and which ones make it harder?
What does it mean to be “smarter” than a machine? 
Why do we want smarter machines or computers or robots?  
How could smarter technology help people who are sick or disabled?  
How has science impacted our daily lives?
What are some advantages of having GPS technology?
Has the new advances in technology made learning easier?
What are the benefits of having satellites?
What’s the favorite piece of technology you own?
What is the most impactful piece of technology in our lives?
How might developments in technology change the way schools are run? 
How might technology change in the future?
How will technology make our lives better in the next ten years?
What kinds of technology are you most excited about? 
What do you think will be the next biggest technological advance?
How will I consume information 20 years from now?
What will be the greatest challenge for humans in the future?
