What is Art?
What differentiates a good piece of art from a bad one?
What is Creativity?
Why are some people creative and others are not?
Could I ever be good at the art I am pursuing? 
Am I a dilettante?
Did I start asking the good questions too late?
Do I repent something? (One of the many of life’s biggest questions)
Am I learning from my mistakes?
Why letting go is hard?
Do I forgive people?
Why can we never forgive some people even though we know that by thinking about how they hurt us we will only harm ourselves? Wouldn’t it be easier if we just let go?
Should I forgive people?
What matters?
Why do I let my emotions puppeteer me when I know that I should act more logically?
Why do I stay stuck in a situation when I should step out of it and observe it from a distance?
Do I love prestige?
What is so special about food?
Would I commit a crime if the judiciary wasn’t a scene?
What is a good routine?
Is it a good expectation to always have a smooth and perfect routine? (What are the challenges I face with a creative routine?)
Can I be more productive by being restless about productivity?
Why am I unsatisfied with my day even though I know that I could only do so much?
How to set the right expectations from a workday?
Are schedules for weak people?
Are we all doing our best now?
Do I make excuses?
Everything is fine until I compare my life to others’. Though I know this, why do I stop being grateful for what I have almost every other second?
Is it okay if I compare my life to someone else’s? (One of the very important personal questions)
Why do the people who show-off more than they do or live a self-oriented life shine more than the ones who are working with their head down and bringing a real difference to people’s lives?
If everyone knew the best ways to live life — read the right books and given all the wisdom — then would we all do the best we can?
Should we care about society?
Is there a god?
Why is the process so hard? When there is no other way to learn apart from following a process, why do many of us want to take short cuts only to suffer or fail later?
How would we be if we didn’t have any goals?
How did disempowering the harassed one became an accepted way to deal with the tormentors?
How can I stop judging people?
Why do people always think that they are all right?
Should we pretend to know even when we don’t?
Even though I know that life is not only about the things of consequence(something that would lead us somewhere) and we all just need “to be” more often than not, why do I rush to make every moment count?
Am I happy?
What helps me go through each day of my life? What is my driving force?
Am I honest with myself?
Would I be doing the same thing I am doing now if money was not a thing? If I was asked to do one thing for the rest of my life without limiting myself by any constraints, what would that be? And why? 
Are we, humans, overall, getting more tolerant, or are we becoming more rigid?
Do all beautiful things come with thorns? Are the behavioral and emotional drawbacks and sensitivities of the most sincere human beings their spiky guards against the world?
How would it be if money didn’t lead to prestige but only served its primitive purpose?
Humans can adapt to almost any change. Then why do we fret and cry when we see even the tiniest part of our day or life move in an unexpected direction?
Is working less really such an amazing thing as people say it is?
Now we put ourselves before anyone else. But what if we were made to do it the other way round? Would the system work?
Do the problems of a human evolve or do we keep thinking about the same things?
Is having problems bad?
Am I learning every day?
How would you know what is useful and what is not until you try?
If I had to choose between only telling lies all my life or had to only speak the truth for the rest of my life, what would I choose?
Does anger help me put across my point of view or the course of action to be taken by the other person or show the earnestness of the issue at hand clearly?
Immediate fun or longer purpose — how to choose?
Am I getting affected by people and are my decisions influenced by them?
Can there be a balance between conventional and unconventional? Is your conventional side a social response or the real you? Do your unconventional traits define you or can they be attributed to peer influence?
Who are my friends?
Who should we consider family?
Am I easy on myself?
How can I quantify effort?
Do I like life?
Do I like my life?
What is the meaning of life? When we leave empty-handed, why do we go on living as if there is no end when the next moment could be the finale?
What will happen after I go?
Why do I go on living like I’m the nucleus of the world?
Is my meditation of “being” stronger than the animals? Does solipsism exist for nonhuman animals?
What if time wasn’t linear? How can we be advancing forward always?
Do I love enough?
What is the one thing you would pass on if we all disappeared tomorrow?
Do I have a guardian angel?
Am I a guardian angel for someone?
If staying quiet makes things easier, should we not say anything in a personal or general situation even when we strongly disagree?
Does life seem to give everything I wish for?
Who are you?
How would you describe yourself?
What are you passionate about?
What personal achievements are you most proud of?
What are you most grateful for? 
What are the most important things to you in life?
What are your values? What do you represent? What do you want to embody? 
Do you love yourself?
Why or why not? What do you love most about yourself?
How can you love yourself more today?
What is your ideal self?
Look at your life now. Are you living the life of your dreams? Why or why not?
If you have one year left to live, what would you do?
If you have one week left to live, what would you do?
If you have one day left to live, what would you do?
If you have one minute left to live, what would you do?
What would you do today if there were no tomorrow?
What are the biggest things you’ve learned in life to date?
What advice would you give to your younger self?
Let’s say you are your future self. What advice would you give to your present self?
Is there something you’re still holding on to? Is it time to let it go?
What are you busy with today? Will this matter in 1 year? 3 years? 5 years?
What opportunities are you looking for now?
How can you create these opportunities?
What are your biggest goals and dreams?
Is there anything stopping you from pursuing them? Why? How can you address these factors?
If you were to do something for free for the rest of your life, what would you want to do?
What would you do if you cannot fail; if there were no limitations in money, resources, time, or networks?
What do you want to achieve in 1 year?
What do you want to achieve in 3 years?
What do you want to achieve in 5 years?
What do you want to achieve in 10 years?
How important are these goals to you?
What if these goals are doubled? Tripled? Magnified by 10? How would you feel? Would you prefer to achieve these or your previous goals?
Who are the people who have achieved similar goals? What can you learn from them?
Are you putting any parts of your life on hold? Why?
What’s the top priority in your life right now? What are you doing about it?
If you were to die tomorrow, what would be your biggest regret? What can you do now to make sure that it doesn’t happen?
Looking back on your life, have you made any mistakes before? What happened, and why?
What have you learned from those episodes?
What is your biggest frustration right now? What can you do about it?
What is the biggest thing you can do now, that will change your life for the better?
If you had a million dollars, what would you do with it?
Do you love your job? Why or why not?
What is your ideal career?
How can you start to create your ideal career starting today?
What is your ideal diet?
What do you need to do to achieve your ideal diet?
What is your ideal home like?
What do you need to do to achieve your ideal home?
What is your ideal physical look?
What do you need to do to achieve your ideal physical look?
What is your ideal life?
What can you do to start living your ideal life?
What would you want to say to yourself in 1 year’s time?
What would you want to say to yourself in 3 year’s time?
What would you want to say to yourself in 5 year’s time?
What would you want to say to yourself in 10 year’s time?
What do you fear most in life? Why?
Is there anything you are running away from?
Are you settling for less than what you are worth? Why?
What is your inner dialogue like? (Day 26 of Be a Better Me in 30 Days Program is about uncovering your limiting thoughts.)
What limiting beliefs are you holding on to?
Are they helping you achieve your goals?
If not, is it time to let them go?
What empowering beliefs can you take on to help you achieve your goals?
What bad habits do you want to break?
What good habits do you want to cultivate?
What are the biggest actions you can take now to create the biggest results in your life?
Where are you living right now — in the past, future, or present?
Are you living your life to the fullest right now?
What is the meaning of life?
What is your life purpose? Why do you exist? What is your mission?
How can you make your life more meaningful, starting today?
What drives you?
What are the times you are most inspired, most motivated, most charged up?
What did you do during those times? How can you do more of that starting today?
How can you change someone’s life for the better today?
Who are the 5 people you spend the most time with?
Are these people enabling you or holding you back?
What qualities do you want to embody? (Refer to Q7: Values and Q11: Ideal Self) Where can you meet people who embody these qualities?
Who inspire you the most?
How can you be like them?
What is your ideal life partner like?
Where can you find him/her?
How can you get to know him/her?
Are you afraid of letting others get close to you?
Who is/are the most important person(s) to you in the world?
Are you giving them the attention you want to give?
How can you spend more time with them starting today?
What kind of person do you enjoy spending time with?
How can you be this person to others?
Who do you want to be like in 1 year?
Who do you want to be like in 3 year?
Who do you want to be like in 5 year?
Who do you want to be like in 10 year?
Who are your mentors in life? (formal or informal)

