Do you have a favourite book or author?
What genre of books to you like to read?
At what time of day do you like to read?
How do you choose what books to read?
Do you like reading e-books? Do you think they are the future?
Have you ever read a book in a foreign language? Would you like to?
If you were to be stranded on a desert island, which three books would you take?
Do you enjoy reading poetry? Do you have a favourite poem?
Why do you think poetry is not as popular as it used to be?
Is it possible to read a play or do you need to see it performed?
Who would you say is the greatest writer in your country’s history?
Who do you think is the greatest writer in world history?
Is literature important or is it just a collection of made up stories?
What are the ingredients of a great novel?
Would you like to write a poem, play or novel yourself?
Do prefer to read classical or modern literature?
Do you think a historical novel should tell the truth about history?
What books do you think children should read at school?
How important is it to read to children when they are very young?
Do you think a book can change the world? How?
How many books do you read every year? Is it enough?
What’s the first book you remember reading?
What are you reading right now?
What was the last book you read?
What book will you read next?
Have you read a book more than once? If so, what was the title? How many times have you read it?
What is the longest book you’ve ever read?
What is the shortest book you’ve ever read?
What is the funniest book you’ve ever read?
What is the saddest book you’ve ever read?
What is the scariest book you’ve ever read?
Have you ever read a book that made you laugh out loud?
Have you ever read a book that made you cry?
Have you ever read a book that you just couldn’t make yourself finish? If so, what book and why?
How do you choose what books you want to read?
Do you prefer reading old books or modern ones?
Do you prefer to read one book at a time or several at once?
What is your favorite book of all time?
Who is your favorite author of all time?
What is your all-time favorite genre to read?
Who is your all-time favorite character from a book?
What are your favorite book tropes?
What was your favorite book when you were a kid?
Where is your favorite place to read?
What is your favorite book cover?
What is your favorite quote from a book?
What is your favorite scene in a book?
What is your favorite snack to eat while reading?
What genres do you love?
What genres do you dislike?
What makes you love a book?
What makes you recommend a book?
Do you enjoy reading aloud?
Did anyone read to you when you were a kid?
Have you ever met a famous author face-to-face? If so, who was it?
What living author would you love to meet?
What deceased author would you love to have met?
Do you prefer reading physical books or ebooks?
Do you prefer paperback books or hardcover books?
Do your prefer used or new books?
Do you judge a book by its cover?
Has a book ever changed your life? If so, how?
Have you ever been part of a book club?
What’s the last book you bought? Was it an ebook or physical book?
Do you check out books from the library? How many do you check out at a time?
What books do you recommend to others?
What book or series would you die to see turned into a movie or TV show?
Do you think there are any movies/TV shows based on books that are actually better than the book is? If so, which ones?
Are there any super popular books that you dislike?
Are there any books that are considered terrible but you love?
Have you ever had a crush on a book character? If so, who?
Are you good at guessing plot twists?
How long is your TBR (To Be Read) list?
Would you rather read a book with terrible writing but a good story OR a book with a terrible story but good writing?
Would you rather not be able to read any new books OR not be able to reread any books ever again?
Would you rather be able to only read the first page of a book OR only read the last page of a book?
Would you rather accidentally set your favorite book on fire OR accidentally drop it in the ocean?
Would you rather be able to read 1 book a year for the rest of your life OR be able to read 100 books this year but never touch a book again?
Would you rather listen to an audiobook with a terrible reader but an amazing story OR listen to an audiobook with an amazing reader but a terrible story?
Would you rather have your all-time favorite character erased from their story OR 10 of your other favorite characters erased from their stories?
Would you rather have a book’s ending spoiled for you OR never know the ending?
Would you rather read only one genre for the rest of your life OR read any and all genres except for your all-time favorite genre?
Would you rather be stuck on an island without a book OR be stuck in a room full of books you don’t like?
Would you rather have to read your favorite book every month OR never read it again?
Would you rather bring any one character from a book into our world OR live in a book’s world but never meet your favorite character?
Would you rather never read a book again OR never watch a movie ever again?
What book had the biggest impact on your life and why?
What book would you recommend to a friend?
When did you realize reading is good for you?
Why are you reading?
What book should your mother read?
How has reading changed your life?
What was the book you read in the least amount of time?
What was the book you read the longest?
What was the book you hated?
Your favorite fiction book? And non-fiction? Could you describe it?
Do you enjoy reading or Netflix more?
What’s the book you think everybody should read?
What book are you reading right now?
What’s your next read going to be?
How many books are on your current TBR list?
What’s the first book you read in your life?
What’s your favorite childhood book?
Can you remember what your parents used to read you before bedtime?
What’s the longest / shortest book you managed to read?
How many different books did you manage to read at once?
Can you name a book that kept you up at night? 
What novel caused you the worst book hangover?
What is the saddest book you read?
 Did a book ever make you cry with laughter? Which one?
 How do you pick the next book you want to read?
 Are you using a reading app to track your reading?
 What were the last three books you read?
 How many books have you read so far this year?
 How much are you planning to read this year?
 What’s the book you read the most times? How many times did you read it?
 Which horror book did you find the scariest?
 Who’s your favorite author?
 What’s your least favorite book?
 Is there a book you just couldn’t finish?
 Do you prefer to read classics or modern books?
 What book was turned into a movie and turned out to be as good or even better than the book?
 Do you have a favorite quote from any of the books you read?
 Have you ever met a writer in real life?
 What is the book that changed or influenced you the most?
 How many books would you say you own?
 How much do you think your book collection is worth today?
 What’s the most you spent on a single book or series?
Is there a particular author you would like to meet in real life?
Is there a character in one of your books you would like to meet?
Where do you like to do your reading the most?
What’s the most awkward situation you were put in because you were reading?
Did you ever read in a completely inappropriate location or situation?
Did you ever have to call in sick because you couldn’t put a book down? What book?
Which book cover made you read the book only to find out you actually hate it?
What book do you think nobody should die without reading?
Which book do you think is the most overrated?
 Have you ever had a crush on a book character?
 Did you ever buy a book you had already read?
 Is there a book that is extremely popular but you somehow skipped on reading?
Did you ever visit a city or place just because you read about it in a book you loved?
 If you could change one book and save one character’s life, which book would you change and what character would you save?
 What skill or special ability would you want to have if you could choose one from one the characters in a book you read?
Do you prefer e-books or physical books?
Do you enjoy audiobooks?
Do you read more at night or during the day?
Do you prefer to buy new books or purchase used ones?
Do you read out loud?
How late into a book do you realize it will be one that you will recommend others to read as well?
What is your favorite or least favorite genre?
Is there a snack or drink you indulge yourself in during reading sessions?
Do you have more than one reading list? 
 Do you prefer to read fiction or non-fiction books?
 Do you ever annotate books?
 Do you write reviews about the books you read?
 Do you listen to music while you read?
 How do you keep track of your reading?
 What’s the longest you went without reading?
